W-15439366 Update flex-troubleshoot-requests.adoc (#546)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-troubleshoot-requests.adoc

When configuring and running Flex Gateway, you might encounter connection issues. 

> To troubleshoot, Flex Gateway provides the `flexctl check http` command to make direct requests to both the outbound connection between the upstream service and Flex Gateway and the inbound connection between Flex Gateway and the client. Making direct requests isolates Flex Gateway connections allowing you to localize the issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot these issues, use the `flexctl check http` command. This command makes direct requests to both the outbound connection between the upstream service and Flex Gateway and the inbound connection between Flex Gateway and the client. Making direct requests isolates Flex Gateway connections, which allows you to localize the issue. 
```

Reviewer: I split the first sentence into two sentences because it was too long.
